update docs for phased execution (#102)
Green-Software-Foundation/if-docs: docs/major-concepts/if.md

If you omit the `--output` command, your results will only be displayed in the console.

For more information on the `if-run` commands see the [CLI reference documentation](../reference/cli.md).

## Phased execution

> To enable greener and more flexible use of IF, we separate the manifest execution into disctinct phases: `observe`, `regroup` and `compute`. This is invisible to you when you run `if-run` but behidn the scenes all three of these phases are being run. However, you can instruct IF to run these phases individually, to avoid recomputing parts of the manifest uneccessarily. To do this, you simply pass `--observe`, `--regroup` and `--compute` flags to IF in the combination you need. For example, to run *only* the observe phase (to generate input data):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable greener and more flexible use of IF, we separate the manifest execution into distinct phases: `observe`, `regroup` and `compute`. This is invisible to you when you run `if-run` but behind the scenes all three of these phases are being run. However, you can instruct IF to run these phases individually, to avoid recomputing parts of the manifest unnecessarily. To do this, you simply pass `--observe`, `--regroup`, and `--compute` flags to IF in the combination you need. For example, to run *only* the observe phase (to generate input data):
```
